{BLOK000} "I am a servant here, I cook and clean, and so forth. The Enlightened Ones aren't really the most practical people if you know what I mean. Do you want to know something?" {WORDservant}{WORDEnlightened Ones}
"They are really very lovely beings, whether they are human or Iskai. It's just a bit difficult to talk with them. Their feet just aren't on the ground, if you understand what I mean. But they're never arrogant or anything like that. Mostly, they even ask when they want something, though they pay me for it. If I remember my time with the Kenget... But I can't tell you exactly what the Enlightened Ones do. It's all very secretive. They pop up out of nothing, and when you've just gotten used to them they disappear again. Sometimes I'll have nothing to do all day, and all of a sudden then return without any warning. But as I said, they treat me well and that's worth something." {WORDfeet on the ground}{WORDKenget Kamulos}
"It's a big difference from being a slave with the Kenget. And, confidentially, the entire place would collapse without me. I'm sure of it!" {WORDKenget Kamulos}
"My last job was with the Kenget Kamulos, if you know what I mean. The Kenget are a kind of Enlightened Ones for assassins. They seek the welfare of Albion by worshipping the old war god Kamulos. And they don't just pray with words! I was a slave there. They just captured me because a cousin of mine had offended one of those loons. They simply took me away from the field where I was working. My wife and daughter were killed. After two years I was able to escape, but only because I had gotten in with Jonathahr, the chief slave. He's quite a character. In his position as chief slave, he actually feels responsible for keeping the other slaves from complaining. He always saying that you should be happy that you have a solid roof over your head and so on. Well, I've been lucky. I don't have a family any more, but at least I am treated like a human being here."
"Talk awhile with them, then you'll know what I mean. I'm not saying that everything they say is nonsense, but it is just not that easy to understand." 
"Hello! At last! Some visitors from the outside world!"
"Ah, there you are again!"
"Ooh, you better ask Llanair, one of our servants. He used to be a slave of the Kenget Kamulos and was able to get away. He can tell you some strong stories!"
"Greetings. May Animebona always accompany you."{WORDAnimebona}{BLOK010}"We have an object, which needs to have its magic energy restored."
"Greetings. May Animebona always accompany you." {WORDAnimebona}{BLOK010}{INK 001} Harriet: {INK 002} "Please extend my knowledge of magic, Drannagh."{BLOK011}"We have an object, which needs to have its magic energy restored."
"Nonsense. Don't let yourself be influenced by all this chatter."{BLOK010}"Don't act dumber than you are, Priver. You're just one of the company's pawns."{BLOK011}"Think about all the creatures you had to fight during the mining. How could there be such beings on a planet which supposedly has no life? You and your people are being fooled by the company!"
"Dumb is usually the one with the big mouth. Men, attack!"
{INK 001} Unrest spreads among Priver's people. Voices agreeing with Tom's arguments are raised.
"I've never given in to talk, Driscoll."{BLOK010}"Please, Priver, forget for a moment that we can't stand each other personally, and think about the situation. The truth about this world can't be suppressed forever. It's just a desperate act of the company which has risked bankruptcy with this ship. We have the motivation to save this world from destruction. What motivation do you have now?" 
{INK 001} Priver's people are now openly calling for agreement. Tom has convinced most of them.
"It looks as if you've won, Driscoll. An awful situation. I can't wait to find out what's going to happen now. ^ ^ Men, you're saying that this troublemaker is right? Just bear in mind that we must all face the consequences together, whatever they may be. ^ ^ {FAT } Withdraw {NORS} !"
"What should I care about that film you've brought with you. It won't make us ignore our orders." {BLOK010}"The documentary has been seen everywhere on board. Some probably don't believe it, some probably don't care. However, you know the personality profiles of the crew. Most of them are not ready to destroy a life-filled world. Aside from the fact that the crew was deceived by the company just as you and your men were."{BLOK011}"The company is very far away. As you know, they can't afford to send a second ship. So the documentary will bring the crew over to our side. Think about it. Give up, Priver. You don't have a chance."
"The Kledo use weapons. But you'd better ask a sword master about that. The Oqulo are trained to use only their spirit."{WORDtraining}
"The sword masters speak of combat as the prayer of the Kenget. Naturally, that's not an entirely false statement, for combat is directed outwards and dedicated to our god, the great Kamulos. But even more, combat serves to perfect one's spirit. Therefore, combat is also meditation - aimed inwards, a school for the spirit. This is particularly true for the Oqulo, whose only weapon is the spirit. They believe this more strongly than the Kledo, who must defend against their deficient fear with weapons." {WORDweapons}{WORDfear}{WORDKledo}{WORDOqulo}
"Whoever places his flesh in the service of the spirit becomes a warrior. His goal must be the complete mastery of the flesh. Only then has he completely conquered his fear. He no longer feels hate or compassion. He is pure, eternal Kenget."{WORDKenget}
"Magic, as you call it, is nothing other than the highest emanation of the human spirit. The greatest power also arises from the greatest fear through the greatest spirit. This is how magic creates things from nothing. But, these things are nothing other than altered force. Magic, therefore, is nothing other than the art of converting one's own spiritual force into matter. It is really simple for those who have learned it."{WORDspirit}
"You'd better ask the sword master that. We Oqulo have nothing to do with swords."
"The weak of spirit. Kenget, yes, but Kenget whose spirit is too weak to feel real fear. They need swords in battle, and the Oqulo use only their spirit to fight." {WORDswords}
"As a Druid, you need no material weapons, if you ignore the knife one needs in daily life. An Oqulo may never use it in battle. His weapon is the spirit, the pure overcoming of his fear - the separation of his thoughts from his body. His means is his concentration. The status of Oqulo is reached via two stages. First, you can control simple things, use self-hypnosis, and be completely insensitive to pain. Then, the novice learns combat magic, the highest stage of which is defensive magic. When he has conquered all of this, he becomes a priest. Only as a priest is one ordained into the secrets of conjuring demons and equipping weapons with magic capabilities." {WORDdemons}{WORDmagic}{WRNR----}
"Naturally, that depends on whether you are trained as Kledo or Oqulo." {WORDKledo}{WORDOqulo}
"Rituals? We have no rituals! We have ceremonies. I know that many in the order speak of rituals, supposedly even some of the high priests. They overlook the fact that we honor a god who lives. And so that lives which must be a dead ritual for others who worship a dead god. Kamulos lives! And if one of us dies for him, it is not a ritual. He who is sacrificed takes a place at Kamulos' table, and there is no more honorable place than that which is set on New Years' day." {WORDdeath}{WORDNew year's eve}
"The spirit controls the flesh. The flesh forces a person to cowardice. The flesh urges the man to the woman. The spirit is the pride of the soul. Spirit is the only thing that can create the courage of the flesh, and only the courage of the flesh can create the glory of the warrior." {WORDcourage}{WORDfame}{WORDpride}
"Yes, I know, there's a lot of talk about that. But, ultimately, it is our business. If those who call themselves the Enlightened Ones were really so enlightened, then they would understand and support this arrangement. Because it makes a big difference to us whether the so-called victims, about whom so much is said, are killed honorably by one of us or killed like a mad dog by low murderers. When we accept these assignments, we give the destined victims an opportunity to die in honor. They will thank us when they are guests at Kamulos' table." {WORDdeath}{WORDKamulos}{WORDhonor}
"We call all the members of our order who engage in magic, Druids - not only the Oqulo, but also the novices." {WORDmagic}
"The sleep of Kamulos. At the winter solstice, when the warrior sits beside his fire and forges plans for the spring, then Kamulos also rests from the year's efforts. And only when one who was slain honorably knocks at his door and asks to be admitted and allowed to participate at Kamulos' table, only then will he awaken. Then, the Cuain falls into a day-long sleep from which he awakes only when he is rubbed with the blood of one who was slain honorably." 
"These are prisoners, third-stage beings, who are left alive so they can perform activities which would otherwise shame a Kenget. Therefore, they do everything that has to do in any way with the household. Their children, however, may rise to become a Kenget if they show talent. Every man who shows courage in battle may become Kenget and even Cuain. Just because the parents have timidly let themselves be captured, does not mean that the child is a coward. Especially if he is raised here, if he gives up his kin and becomes a part of our family." {WORDsteps} {WRNR----}{WORDKenget Kamulos}{WORDCuain}{WORDcourage}{WORDbattle}{WORDfamily}
"We only use drugs for certain ceremonies. If I were to explain that to you, it would take months. Join the Kenget, and if you have proven yourself to be worthy and full of courage over the years, then you will be introduced to the last ceremonies." {WORDcourage}
"Well! We rise pretty early and we meditate for an hour before breakfast. Then we continue meditating and there are two hours of prayer exercises before noon. In the afternoon, there is ceremony training and two more hours of prayer. In the evening, there is meditation until sunset. There's a fair amount of meditation, especially in the summer. But I think it helps against fear." {WORDprayer}{WORDfear}
"We have nothing against plants. Why? Neither they nor the animals will be there at the Last Battle. To be honest, I don't know what you're getting at with this question." {WORDLast Battle}
"Everyone in the order is my brother. No one has sisters here. I rejected my parents when I became a Kenget, for they are only of the second stage." {WORDsteps}{WORDbrothers}
"No, I know nothing about a secret passage. Just what do you want here? Do you want to hire assassins?" {WORDassassins}
"Actually everyone who is not a Kenget is impure. However, since there may be a Kenget hiding unknowingly within every man, a man may become pure by his honorable death. For a man it is hard to figure out who is pure, since purity is expressed by deep understanding of the eternal laws of Kamulos at the time of death. But Kamulos knows, and he gathers the pure dead around his table."
"His name is Cuarnainn. He has a red beard and his hair is red as well, but like me, he doesn't have many hairs left." 
"Rhunag is our magic master. And one of the best there ever was."
"He stands before you. Why did I introduce myself to you?"
"Your face is that of an unknowing one with noble intent, stranger. It is rare to see visitors with noble intent here."
"For a Kenget it is the highest honor to leave his life on the occasion of the New Year. It is the day before the war god sleeps, and with him the Cuain falls into the deepest trance. The Cuain cannot be awakened until he is washed with the blood of a Kenget who has honorably fallen and who had at least priest status. For this purpose, at the winter solstice, the oldest priest may challenge one of the high priests to a duel to the death. Then, it is the blood of the one fallen in the highest conceivable honor which brings back the war god in the new year. Fortunate are those who die this way." {WORDNew year's eve}{WORDfive high priests}
"Unfortunately, history has shown that this is the greatest danger for the Kenget. I have seen so many hopeful Oqulo fade away because at a weak moment they fell prey to the pride of the flesh, and forgot the pride of the soul. They exchanged their spirit for a dirty wench, mixed with her instead of with a brother, and turned away from Kamulos' table." {WRNR----}{WRNR----}
"Greetings, strangers. You look as if you are seeking. I only have a little time. Ask." {WORDCuain}{BLOK010}"Tell me something about your concept of honor."
"A tragedy which I believe will make history."
"She is the Sebainah of Nakiridaani. You can usually find her in the council building in the center of the city."
"He is the senior Stri of the Dji-Kas, a beloved citizen of the city."{WORDDji-Kas}{WORDStri}
"I would never have believed that Fasiir was capable of murdering Akiir!"{WORDAkiir}
"I immediately felt that Fasiir is not the kind of Iskai who is capable of murder."
"She is the most gifted healer in the city. A wonderful woman; she is always available for a discussion."
"Argim was the chief of the Dji-Fadh almost 150 years ago and his life has become one of our legends. At that time, the guild house of the Dji-Fadh was outside the city. It was a magnificent building. Argim had a great talent in his field, but he had a fickle nature. This was the reason his greatest goal was rejected: to become one of the Chosen. When he learned about the rejection, he went completely out of control. He swore he would achieve immortality in spite of everything. In an irresponsible display of his power, he destroyed the entire building and converted it into a strange place, which everyone now avoids. They say that he stamped his spirit on that place."{WORDDji-Fadh}{WORDChosen}
"There are many of them, but this is hardly the time to tell stories. Excuse me."
"You wish to insult me? Oh, you mean what the word means! Ah, well...hir hir! It is the name of an animal which does not stand in high regard, because it feeds mostly on excrement!"
"I don't know anything about it."
"Sebai-Giz Frill is a famous history teacher. Of course, he is often away on trips. When he is in Jirinaar, he can be found in his work room in the east wing of the council building."{WORDcouncil}
