empty
"That's what we call ourselves."
"An experienced Former can grow a large sitting plant in 4 days. They are wonderful to sit on, and the children love to bounce around on them." {WORDFormer}
"Yes, we have a number of delicious things, usually from the animals of the forest. The people prefer game, although the animal breeders offer their meat somewhat cheaper. {WRNR----}"
"In the large houses, the waste water is passed through pipes in the walls into a basin. The plants in it clean the water before it is returned to the river."{BLOK010}"There are not very many of you. The river can handle the impure water. Why the expense?"
"There are two smaller clans who live by cattle breeding. Their herds are mostly near the city."
"Whoever can afford it has the water run throughout the entire house. It looks very beautiful, only you have to watch that the children don't play mischief with the water..." {WORDhouse}
"We love to combine the beauty of nature with the comforts of home. The Formers of the Dji-Fadh guild can build complete structures out of plants! Of course, this is not cheap; there are houses which are built only out of stone and sand, and only partially out of the plants of the Dji-Fadh. Especially the poor people live in what we call 'dead houses'."{WORDFormer}{WORDDji-Fadh}{WORDguild}
"The Dji-Fadh, or Formers, are one of the oldest guilds in Jirinaar. They consider themselves to be builders primarily and, with their magic, they can alter plants and convert them into permanent structures. The Dji-Fadh guild house is located in the northwestern corner of Jirinaar. It has continued to grow since the incident with Argim a long time ago."{WORDmagic}{WORDJirinaar}{WORDArgim}{WORDguild}
"You must know that Dji-Kas is the name of the magician's guild of Jirinaar. You will find them in the southwestern part of the city. Numerous experiments are performed with the magical talents of our people there. The Dji-Kas magic is a art with many facets: it heals, creates, and destroys." {WORDmagic}{WORDJirinaar}{WORDguild}
"Most families belong to a larger association, the Clans. A clan arises over the course of many years through relationships, the loyalty of several families, or sometimes even because of economic reasons. Many clans have specialized in a specific profession, be it hunting, handicrafts, or whatever. The Sebai of the most influential families are the chiefs of a clan and some of them are sent as representatives to the council of Jirinaar."{WORDSebai}
"The council of Jirinaar is the government of all Nakiridaani. It meets in the council building in the middle of the city. Every five years, the Sebai of the Nakiridaani clans sit in the council and choose the Sebainah, the chief of the council, from among them. The Sebainah governs our people, but he needs the council's agreement in important matters. The council forms the so-called council circles, that is, groups of people who are directed by at least one council member to take care of specific tasks. For example, the Sebai selection, conflicts, or family matters such as divorces."{WORDSebai}{WORDSebainah}{WORDNakiridaani}{WORDJirinaar}{WORDclan}
"Now, naturally, there are voices of criticism, primarily from the clanless families or clans whose members have not received the honor of the Sebai ritual. They have almost no influence on the government and consider this to be a great injustice."
"The Sebainah, as the chief of the council, has great influence. In times of crisis, the council may even grant the Sebainah special powers, and the Sebainah becomes lord over life and death on Nakiridaani during that time. However, normally the Sebainah works in collaboration with the council. He has two votes in the council and has the decisive vote in ties." {WORDNakiridaani}{WORDcouncil}
"When the partners have decided to spend their lives together, they hold a great celebration during which they are joined forever. ^ A marriage can only be officially dissolved by the corresponding council circle. Normally, the couple are joined for the rest of their lives and they try to set up their own household. In this case, they are often supported by their secondary partners, who give them an opportunity to break away from their parents' house if they would like to do so."{WORDcouncil}{WORDsecondary partner}
"The sisters of the bride and the brothers of the groom are considered to be secondary partners of a married couple. At times, they share the house and, if they so desire, also the bed. However, during the time of fertility it is the greatest taboo to sleep with the secondary partner." {WORDfertility}{WORDsiblings}
"Great value is placed on the sibling relationship in our families. For example, as someone reaches maturity, he has responsibility and decision-making power over the younger siblings, even more than the parents."{WORDmaturity}
"Maturity is reached at ten years old and then you are free from your elders' rules."
"The women are fertile only three months out of the year. This is the time of the Fadhiim and the celebration begins with a great feast. During this time, taboos are in force for married people and their secondary partners."{WORDsecondary partner}{WORDmarriage}
"The Sebai ritual is the most powerful magical act which we are capable of. It can be performed by anyone, however slight his magical talent. ^ You must know that the Trii of a newborn has very special abilities during the first week. If an adult touches the newborn's Trii against his, he can transfer his entire self into the spirit of the child. He or she can begin life anew; the body of the adult dies at the time of the ceremony. ^ Naturally, it is forbidden to perform the ritual without the council circle's approval. Besides the abduction of a newborn, this is the worst crime there is! According to our laws, the criminal and his entire family are punished by death. ^ Only a few special people, the Chosen, can undergo the ritual. Further, the ritual cannot be carried out without the newborn's mother's consent. Usually it is the partner or sister of the Chosen one. ^ ^ If the ritual is performed, the Chosen one receives the title of Sebai, followed by a number which indicates how often he or she has been through the ritual." {WORDmagic}{WORDTrii}{WORDcouncil}{WORDChosen}
"It is very difficult to achieve the status of Chosen, a person authorized for the Sebai ritual, and ultimately it always depends upon the votes of the respective council circle. ^ ^ There are different possibilities for granting the honor of the ritual. For example, if someone has distinguished himself by particular courage or self-sacrifice. If he or she dies, a brother or sister may be made Sebai in honor of this person. ^ ^ Quite often, it also happens that someone who has reached high rank in the Stiriik is chosen. Generally, people with unique talents and knowledge are considered if they have used this knowledge for the benefit of many."{WORDSebai}{WORDcouncil}{WORDStiriik}
"The Trii, which each of us bears on our forehead, is a very special organ. It is seen as the center of the spirit. Injuries to the Trii can lead to personality disorders, memory loss, and even death. ^ If two people place their Triis against each other, they can feel each other's emotions, and especially gifted individuals can read the other person's thoughts."
"The Stiriik are responsible for upholding the law. They prosecute criminals and try to bring a little order to our lives. ^ ^ A Stiriik member is required to have a great deal of discipline, a property which we hold in high regard. However, as is often the case with ideals... In any case, many recruits don't last long with the Stiriik."
"The laws are passed by the council and, if they are violated, they are enforced by the Stiriik. However, the entire family of a criminal is responsible for his behavior, in order to deter violations. If the Stiriik do not immediately capture the criminal, it is the family's task to find their rebellious member or otherwise solve the crime. In this case, of course, they are supported and monitored by at least one Stiriik."{WORDcouncil}{WORDStiriik}
"A Dji guild is the organization of a specific profession, and there are many of them: the Dji-Fadh Former guild, the Magicians, the Merchants, and the Hunter guild."{WORDDji-Fadh}{WORDDji-Kas}{WORDbuy}
"The art that cannot be performed with the hand, and only few can perform with their head. Only a few have the talent to change things or create things out of nothing with the force of their spirit and the blessing of the Goddess. There are two guilds that deal with magic, the Formers or Dji-Fadh and the Dji-Kas." {WORDDji-Fadh}{WORDDji-Kas}{WORDGoddess}
"Most of us believe that after death we will return back to where we came from : the Great Consciousness which is formed by all of our ancestors and is often called the Goddess. They say that the more exemplary one's life is, the more one will remain oneself when one is incorporated into the Goddess."
"Jirinaar is the greatest city of our people. It has a long history and its harbor makes it the trading center of Nakiridaani."{WORDNakiridaani}{WORDhistory}
"Nakiridaani is the name of the country where you now stand. It is a large island famous for its jungle and its diverse plants and animals."
"In the council building, you will find Sebai-Giz Frill, who is noted as a great history teacher. He can surely tell you more about the past than I can."
"I find that humans are interesting beings. They look like small, strong trees and with every step they set their roots into the ground. I have heard that they are very strong and can live to be incredibly old."
"The council building is easy to find. It is in the large building in the middle of the city, on the island in the river."
"The City Gate is in the south part of the city, near the council building."{WORDcouncil building}
"You can purchase weapons and armament in the northeast quarter of the city. In the harbor area to the southeast, there is a large shop for all kinds of useful items and also a provisions merchant."
"There is a well-known tavern near the harbor. Keep to the southeast."
"The harbor is located in the southeast part of Jirinaar."
"Joker. Have you lost your memory?"
"Did somebody hit you on the Trii? You should know that yourself."
"I assume you are asking this question for your foreign companions."
"In order to provide a consent document, it must be marked with the individual's scent beside the name of the undersigned. Each of us has small scent glands behind the ears which produce an unmistakable scent."
"Oh, clothing has a decorative meaning for us. It is considered very provocative to wear a lot of clothing, for what can excite someone's curiosity more than covering body parts?"
"If you seek assistance for your wounds, go to the Dji-Kas. There are some capable healers among them."{WORDDji-Kas}
"I have heard rumors that you humans are completely at the mercy of your pains. We can control our pains, at least while we're awake. Children are only taught this technique when they are older so they can recognize serious injuries."
"This word means 'beginner, learner,' and it is used as a title."
"For the most part, this word is used with names. It means that the person is a master of his subject."
"Strange question. We live on this world. We come from it, we enter the Goddess, and the Goddess is the world. ^ Would you like to live in your own filth?"
"Akiir is the chief of the Dji-Fadh."{WORDDji-Fadh}
"This perfidious murder is outrageous! Hopefully, your hunt for the fugitive assassin will be successful!"
"A tragedy which I believe will make history."
"She is the Sebainah of Nakiridaani. You can usually find her in the council building in the center of the city."
"He is the senior Stri of the Dji-Kas, a beloved citizen of the city."{WORDDji-Kas}{WORDStri}
"I would never have believed that Fasiir was capable of murdering Akiir!"{WORDAkiir}
"I immediately felt that Fasiir is not the kind of Iskai who is capable of murder."
"She is the most gifted healer in the city. A wonderful woman; she is always available for a discussion."
"Argim was the chief of the Dji-Fadh almost 150 years ago and his life has become one of our legends. At that time, the guild house of the Dji-Fadh was outside the city. It was a magnificent building. Argim had a great talent in his field, but he had a fickle nature. This was the reason his greatest goal was rejected: to become one of the Chosen. When he learned about the rejection, he went completely out of control. He swore he would achieve immortality in spite of everything. In an irresponsible display of his power, he destroyed the entire building and converted it into a strange place, which everyone now avoids. They say that he stamped his spirit on that place."{WORDDji-Fadh}{WORDChosen}
"There are many of them, but this is hardly the time to tell stories. Excuse me."
"You wish to insult me? Oh, you mean what the word means! Ah, well...hir hir! It is the name of an animal which does not stand in high regard, because it feeds mostly on excrement!"
"I don't know anything about it."
"Sebai-Giz Frill is a famous history teacher. Of course, he is often away on trips. When he is in Jirinaar, he can be found in his work room in the east wing of the council building."{WORDcouncil}
