{BLOK000}"As a historian, I have been an advisor to the council and the Sebainah for a very long time."{WORDcouncil}{WORDSebainah}
"Dsarii-ma, foreign visitors. My name is Frill, and I serve the council as a scholar in history. What horrible events you had to go through! I am sure it is not easy for strangers to be subjected to our laws!"
"I am trying to help them in any way I can, Sebai-Giz Frill!"
"Naturally, Drirr. They are in good hands with you. ^ ^ I know you are pressed for time, but just to satisfy my curiosity, I would like you to tell me the story of how you arrived on Nakiridaani. ^ ^ {INK 001} Filled with a strange feeling of trust towards the old Iskai, Tom tells Frill about their origin, the trip, and the humans' original intentions on this planet ^ ^ .{INK 002}"Very astonishing. It's ironic that you knew nothing about the presence of other humans here until you saw this frightful murder. ^ Now, can I possibly provide you with any information?"{BLOK010}"From your title, I take it that you have gone through the Sebai ritual 20 times. Therefore, are you actually over 600 years old?" {BLOK011}"What is the history between humans and Iskai on this world?"{BLOK012}"Do you have any idea who could have ordered Akiir's murder?"
"That is true. My interest in this world and its history keeps me from getting weary of life, as so often happens with Sebai. And it is my knowledge which keeps causing the council to make me a candidate."{WORDSebai}
"The time when humans first appeared is hidden in the darkness of history even for me. However, unlike many others, I do not believe they originally came from this world: You have confirmed my theory. ^ However, relations between humans and Iskai have not always been peaceful, especially during the early centuries after humans arrived. There were repeated wars with the Iskai. Apparently, these early humans considered it normal to take territory by force. However, as time went on, the conflicts became less frequent...the last altercation was over 156 years ago. However, our race is inclined to forget quickly, while humans, I believe, have changed their ways somewhat over the centuries. They have developed cultures that differ more than is normal for the Iskai. As far as I know, Iskai and humans live fairly peacefully together now."{WORDcultures}
"A difficult question. A similar event happened more than 240 years ago. It involved a powerful Iskai merchant who became very involved with human affairs. Akiir had no relations with human beings. Therefore, only an Iskai could have given the orders. But why anyone could have had a reason for such horrible behavior is a complete riddle to me."
"Dsarii-ma, my friends. Is there something else I can do to help solve the crime?"{WORDcultures}
*****Perhaps Frill will only be seen again among the Enlightened Ones!?!****
"As far as I know, not all human beings live according to the customs of their forefathers, the way those on the island closest to us do. ^ ^ Then there are the Kenget Kamulos, famous warriors, who are often hired as assassins. One of their members is responsible for carrying out Akiir's murder. Apart from them, I know of the Umajo and Beloveno's inhabitants."{WORDKenget Kamulos}{WORDBeloveno}{WORDUmajo}
"Kenget Kamulos can be loosely translated as "The Footsoldiers of Kamulos," Kamulos being the name of their supreme deity. As far as I know, they are divided into two groups: the warriors and the mages, who are supposedly very powerful when it comes to battle and destruction. Exactly where they are found is one of their secrets. Apparently, they are convinced that they are the only ones who maintain their forefathers' true warrior ideals."
"Beloveno is a harbor city in the south of the great continent far northeast of here. We call this land Trenkiriidan, and the humans call it Maini. Both humans and Iskai live there. Beloveno itself is inhabited mostly by humans, but also some Iskai. The city lives primarily from trading. If I remember correctly, Drirr's mother is from Beloveno. He can certainly tell you something about this city."
"I don't know a lot about these people. They live in a fortified city which controls a straight on an important sea route. For hundreds of years they have lived from the tolls they raise there. I hear they have become decadent."
"In the dry land far to the east live some humans devoted to producing valuable metals. They know rituals for placating the Goddess, who is offended by this digging for metals. They produce weapons, many different crafted implements, and jewelry, and export these all over the world. We also get many metals from them. A long time ago, their monopoly was so strong that regular wars broke out among the humans. Even today there are no great smiths among the humans who are not under the Umajos' influence. It is said that they set the assassins of the Kenget Kamulos against their competitors, but that is only a rumor."
"Frill, are you sure that digging for raw materials raises the Goddess' wrath?'
"You know our language well enough that I can hear the doubt in your voice, Rainiir. This is not a question of belief, my friend. We have tried many times to get valuable metals from the earth. It has always caused catastrophes, earthquakes, or appearances of horrible beings. These are not rumors, but things I have actually experienced. No, be assured that I can tell superstition from reality very well."
"Strange, Driscoll, that someone who is as educated as Frill, would cling to such convictions."
"Hmm, I agree. He inspires confidence, but somehow I get the impression the old boy knows even more than he tells us. However, we better start talking Iskai again."
{INK 001}{LEAD}{NAME} shows Frill the decorative dagger and explains where it came from. Frill says: ^ ^ {INK 002}"A strange piece from ancient times. This dagger is definitely over 150 years old. I'm no expert in these things, but I wouldn't be surprised if it had a magical effect. ^ ^ The family of Bradir, the new head of the Former guild, owned this dagger. Strange that the murderer possessed this valuable weapon."
"As I said, at one time the dagger belonged to the family of Bradir, who succeeded Akiir as head of the Former guild."
"That's my name, you're right."
