{BLOK000}"Your question astounds me. Don't you know that I am the Sebainah of Nakiridaani, president of the council?"
"Dsarii-ma, my human friends. Well, Tom? Are you ready for your journey? The ship is ready for you."{BLOK010}"Yes, Sebainah Janiis. I think we have to leave your beautiful city."{BLOK011}"We would like to stay here a little while longer."
"Oh, I don't want to force you. It pleases me that you are enjoying your stay with us. Now please excuse me, I have a lot of work to do."
"The council of Jirinaar is the government of all Nakiridaani. The Sebai of the clans sit in the council and every five years they choose the Sebainah, who is the president of the council. ^ I am ruling our people at the present time. However, for important decisions, I require the permission of the council. ^ The council forms so- called council circles, that is, groups of people who are led by at least one council member in order to tend to specific tasks, for instance the Sebai selection, conflicts, or family situations such as divorces."
"As I already explained to you, the council of Jirinaar is the government of all of Nakiridaani."
"Naturally, as head of the council, the Sebainah has great influence. In times of crisis, the council could even grant me special powers and I would be mistress over life and death on Nakiridaani during the time of the crisis. ^ However, in normal times I cooperate with the council. Of course, I have two votes in the council and can cast the deciding vote in case of ties."
"Didn't I already explain that? The Sebainah is the head of the council and rules the Iskai of Nakiridaani for five years."
"The Sebai ritual is the most powerful magical act which we are capable of. It can be performed by anyone, however slight his magical talent. ^ You must know that the Trii of a newborn has very special abilities during the first week. If an adult touches the newborn's Trii against his, he can transfer his entire self into the spirit of the child. He or she can begin life anew; the body of the adult dies at the time of the ceremony. ^ Naturally, it is forbidden to perform the ritual without the council circle's approval. Besides the abduction of a newborn, this is the worst crime there is! According to our laws, the criminal and his entire family are punished by death. ^ Only a few special people, the Chosen, can undergo the ritual. Further, the ritual cannot be carried out without the newborn's mother's consent. Usually it is the partner or sister of the Chosen one. ^ ^ If the ritual is performed, the Chosen one receives the title of Sebai, followed by a number which indicates how often he or she has been through the ritual. I, personally, am permitted to undergo the ritual two times."
"The ritual is very difficult for humans to understand. Listen carefully: the Sebai ritual is the most powerful magical act which we are capable of. It can be performed by anyone, however slight his magical talent. ^ You must know that the Trii of a newborn has very special abilities during the first week. If an adult touches the newborn's Trii against his, he can transfer his entire self into the spirit of the child. He or she can begin life anew; the body of the adult dies at the time of the ceremony. ^ Naturally, it is forbidden to perform the ritual without the council circle's approval. Besides the abduction of a newborn, this is the worst crime there is! According to our laws, the criminal and his entire family are punished by death. ^ Only a few special people, the Chosen, can undergo the ritual. Further, the ritual cannot be carried out without the newborn's mother's consent. Usually it is the partner or sister of the Chosen one. ^ ^ If the ritual is performed, the Chosen one receives the title of Sebai, followed by a number which indicates how often he or she has been through the ritual. I, personally, am permitted to undergo the ritual two times."
{INK 001}Tom answers:{INK 002}{BLOK010}"Oh, I forgot! Thanks a lot for reminding me. Janiis, excuse me, but there's something we still have to do."{BLOK011}"We have more important things to do. I would like to reach the Toronto as fast as possible."
"I can only hope that your promises to your friends are more reliable..."
"So you want to go? I hope that in spite of the sad accident with Akiir, you have a good impression of Jirinaar."{BLOK010}"We have experienced a lot and your people no longer appears as alien to me as they did a short time ago. It is hard for me to say good-bye, so I think we better go right away."{BLOK011}"Now that I think about it, maybe I would like to stay a little while longer, Janiis."
"Your words make me glad, Tom Driscoll. Now, I will have someone take you to your ship, and I wish you a good and successful journey!"
"Dsarii-ma, Tom! How good to see you again! Tell me, how'd it go with you?" ^ ^ {INK 001}Tom briefly summarizes what he and his companions have experienced. Janiis is fascinated.
"Dsarii-ma, my friends. Can I do something for you?"
"Excuse my interruption, Janiis, but I would like to speak to Tom briefly. Didn't we promise Argim, the Essence of the old Former place, that we would give him a music crystal?"
-dummy-
SEQUENCE FOLLOWS: Ship sails from Jirinaar, reaches Island of the Ancient Celts.
