 
"The TORONTO is the biggest crate I've ever flown in, like for all of us. Everything's totally brand spanking new! DDT has invested 3 years worth of profits into this ship, I heard. Over 120 billion credits. Just thinking about it gets me dizzy!"{WORDDDT}
"Wait a minute. That's strange. I work for this huge corporation, but I can't for the life of me remember what the letters stand for. They don't use anything else. I think it stands for something like Doimlr-Daithasu-Thompson, maybe. I think it was an old merger of two european and one japanese corporation."
"That thing's fantastic. It's supposed to have used up almost a quarter of all the developmental costs. Just imagine that it was only twenty years ago that the first one was fast enough to work with consciousness -algorythms. That thing used to answer like a retarded child, but when you talk to the likes of Ned, you're the one that seems like the dummy.^^Anyway, it was a good idea letting us communicate with Ned through this android body. Then it doesn't seem as strange as communicating with a console or a wall-installation.^^Besides, Ned steers the whole ship as well as the docking. It's kind of funny that thing needs eighty crew members to keep it going."{WORDTORONTO}{WORDEquipment}
"If only half the data that the probe sent is true, we'll all be able to afford an Indi from the premiums. The amount of raw materials is supposed to be almost as large as on Joshi. Hofstedt knows best what the exact data is."{WORDHofstedt}{WORDIndi}{WORDJoshi}{WORDData}
"Yeah, just imagine flying around in your own private ship, like some rich chump!"
"The green planet. Well, it used to be, anyway. Luckily, all data shows Nugget to be a desert planet. This way we don't have to listen to any natives complaining like on Joshi. Besides, I may not be one of those eco-freaks, but digging up a green planet like Joshi just isn't my thing."{WORDEnvi}{WORDFloppy ears}
"Yeah, I guess you're right. Next to the Hoika, they're the only intelligent beings we've encountered. But even the government egg-heads were of the opinion that they were at the end of their developement. Pretty decadent. Still, it's too bad that they caught that sickness. They might have only been a few thousand, but to think that the whole race just died out like that...^ Oh well, at least the Hoika are still alive."{WORDHoika}{WORDGovernment}
"The settlers were probably a bit rough with the natives of Gaia. I mean it is the only world we've found which can sustain human life. And the Hoika's have their reservations."
"What do you think? The com-command or the propulsion?" {BLOK010}"The com." {BLOK011}"The propulsion."
" I heard that there was a pretty big bang. Must have been a real bad mess. Why was Snoopy fumbling around on the com-command during the jump. The only thing keeping me calm is that we don't have any more contact to HQ."{WORDSnoopy}{WORDHQ}
"The Over C worked like a charm again. Just don't think about the fact that only a hand full of people understand the thing..."
"When the ship converts itself into a factory on the planet, then the work really gets going. I'm curious to see if everything works. That thing is supposed to set up its own infrastructure. You can imagine how that thing starts growing, after it's dug up half the planet. The structures become gargantuan. And then they melt the whole thing down and send it home."
" The governmental inspector? He took his inspection job really seriously. He got on the captains nerves a few times, I heard. The guy that found him said that he found him under the com-console. And on the seat. And a bit of him in the next room."{WORDCaptain}{WORDGovernment}
"Did you hear the latest about the environmentalists? The radical wing has surrounded the last Galapagos island with a belt of mines. They blew up three Peruvian boats with it. The moderate envis are in an uproar. Now they're not in the best bargaining position in the world."
" I think that Skipper Brandt does a pretty good job, even if he is a bit, how shall I say it, contact-shy. You never see him after hours. This guy talks more to the universe than to his crew."{WORDAI}
"I think that the government keeps breathing down our backs because they can't swallow the fact that industry has mastered the science of space travel. There's enough papers to sign with DDT. These government beaurocrats wouldn't be able to build a ship like TORONTO even if they had the money."{WORDTORONTO}
"The data indicates a planet with raw materials in high enough concentrations, that it can pay for sending this huge ship. They must have already popped the corks at HQ, as soon as the data from the probe arrived. I'm curious to see what it looks like on Nugget.^^Won't be too exciting, actually. It's supposed to be this bone-dry desert planet, with not enough free oxygen to breath. But with no poison gases in its atmosphere. No life, except for a few simple plants. It's a heck of a lot smaller than the earth. Still, due to the density of the planet's core, we can expect 0.8 G gravity. It's a good level. Keeps the equipment from too much wear and tear."{WORDHQ}
"The boys in HQ Osaka are not gonna be too happy that we can't keep in constant contact. Maybe this whole Over C technique is so damn expensive, but we should have put in a second com-command. Pretty stupid move on their part. I guess we better send them a report with the first ore-containers. Maybe then they'll send us some spare parts."{WORDover-c}
"Well, he is the only "official" on board. Actually, for an egg-head, he's not such a bad guy. Likes to critisize the company, though, if you talk to him for a while. What are you gonna do? None of these throne-farters from the upper echelons are angels."{WORDGovernment}
"A canon! You know you'll get into a lot of trouble if any of the Secus catch you with that thing. Better off keeping it to yourself that you got this thing."{WORDSecus}
" The security people are not exactly loved on any ship. Since they broke up that strike on the GATES ten years ago by mowing down the whole team, they've had a pretty tarnished reputation."
