!
"TheTORONTO fills me with a mixture of wonderment and scepticism, to be quite honest.The physicist in me is amazed by the fantastic technical acheivement. It's just a shame that it's only been developed to to become a mining facility, stealing raw materials from other worlds, and destroying the natural environment, even if our destination is a desert world, so meaningfully baptized as "Nugget" by DDT."{WORDDDT}{WORDNugget}{WORDEquipment}
"Doimlr-Daithasu-Thompson. I know your corporation better than you think, Driscoll. My mother worked there and I spent a great deal of my childhood and youth in the corporate culture. The second largest multi on earth. More profits than the brutto sum of most countries.DDT is an international conglomerate made out of two european and one japanese corporation. The company is recognized as one of the healthiest of the mega-multis. Looks as though you have a very secure job, Driscoll."{WORDHQ}
"The newest generation of conscious computers.DDT could never have afforded these space systems, if they weren't the leaders in developing these technologies. And even so, Ned swallowed up almost 25% of the developemental budget for the whole TORONTO.That system has processors which are tailor made for consciousness algorythms. I've had a few conversations with Ned, and each time it tingles up and down my spine. Ned is really a conscious intelligence. The degree of decision-making ability is astounding.^ You know they didn't spare any expenses, when they decided to give the AI an android body to talk with us. The hesitation to talk with an artificial intelligence is reduced when the AI has a human form."{WORDTORONTO}
"The name given to our target planet describes perfectly what DDT perceives down there: a rich source of natural resources and nothing more. Weren't you given the data from the probe they sent? Let me think about it a moment.^^Well, the data indicates a small desert planet, which has a mass of 0.8 G, due to its extremely heavy core. There is oxygen in the atmosphere, but it's most likely not possible to breath without life-support systems. The sun in its solar system is of a similar size to our sun, but emits light from the redder side of the light spectrum. The planet doesn't have a tilted axis, so we really don't have to think much about climatic temperature changes. I think we can expect daytime temperatures of 50 degrees celsius and nighttime temperatures just below freezing.^ A revolution around its sun, wierdly enough lasts almost exactly as long as the earth needs to revolve around our sun. That seems to be just about everything that we know about our destination. After our flight together we should know a bit more."{WORDDDT}{WORDFlight}
"The age of individual transportation has actually been over for 100 years or more. Only the top earners can afford a permit for a private vehicle. I think it's a waste to spend so much money on the public flyways, but we have to preserve the illusion of free movement, don't we?"
"Please don't remind me of it. Together with the unfeeling way we acted on Gaia, I find that what happened on Joshi was the absolute worst case of interstellar abuse; an absolute scandal. You must know that one of DDT's competitors took this absolutely blossoming planet and almost completely destroyed it. And do you want to know something else? If they hadn't been accused of not only destroying a whole eco-system, but also of commiting de facto genocide on the planet's intelligent life forms, nothing would have been done about it to this day. ^^When I think about the comments that the Multis made on the subject! "The poisons in the planet's atmosphere made it impossible to sufficiantly support human life on the planet's surface." As if the native flora and fauna was worth something less to the native inhabitants. The comments they made about the dying out of the Grik'tra were also unbelievable. They called them immunity weaklings and said that they died from the earth virus because of their decadent ways, and were at the end of their development as life forms anyway. It's enough to....^^ Forgive me. When I get on to this topic, I like to rage. At any rate, that's the reason for my presence on this ship. Private space ships are no longer allowed to travel to unexplored systems without a governmental representative since the Joshi incident."{WORDGovernment}{WORDFloppy ears}{WORDHoika}
"A racist description, Driscoll. The Grik'tra were a people with a highly developed culture, and a developmental history two hundred thousand years longer than our own. They numbered only a few thousand when the earth virus which killed them was introduced into their eco-system."
"Gaia is an example of earth not being willing to learn from its own history. After the euphoria about inventing, or I should say discovering the Over C Jump, Gaia just had the bad luck of being the first planet discovered, in a solar system which could sustain human life forms.^^ The discovery of the Hoika, the intelligent inhabitants of Gaia brought even more excitement than the successful Over C tests; although the excitement didn't stop the settlers from treating the Hoika similarly to how colonialists treated native peoples in earth's own history.Gaia's lessons are only becoming clearer today, considering the fact that it still remains the only other planet we've found capable of supporting human life."
"Do you mean the com-command or the propulsion?" {BLOK010}"The com." {BLOK011}"The propulsion."
"The com-command was apparently totally destroyed. My personal feelings about Snoop...ahem, I mean Inspector Beegle were unfortunately not the best. I know only too well what he was searching for at the controls during the Over C Jump.^ The high energy technics needed for the Over C communication is unfortunately so damned expensive, that we don't have the replacement parts to set the system back in working order."{WORDSnoopy}
"For us, the Over C propulsion is equivalent to what fire used to be for our ancestors. We don't exactly know all the details of how it works, but we use it and it is propelling us into a new phase of our development, regardless of the consequences it may have..."
"It will be fascinating to observe the way the ship turns itself into a processing plant, developing its own infrastructure as it grows. The degree of automation is absolutely unimaginable. It will turn itself into a metallic organism, which enlarges itself and sends all raw materials that it doesn't need for its own growth back to earth. ^^The TORONTO is going to drive me into a state of schizophrenia! Hofstedt, the xenobiologist morns the destruction of a virgin planet, whereas the physicist Hofstedt marvels at the fantastic technical acheivement that this ship embodies."
"The government inspector was a walking cliche' of the British. I found him to be rather arrogant. We never really got along well, to be quite honest. But he did take his job very seriously. I must give him that much."
"You know, I used to be an active environmentalist myself in my earlier days, until that radical wing started drifting towards terrorism. Still the official body was able to acheive great successes. The gene-technical reintroduction of the tiger last year, lent the organization a level of credibility in the public opinion. It was also good news for the earth's nature reserves, that the largest environmental scandals were taking place outside of our own solar system, where they went unnoticed."
"Brandt is all right, I think. He's totally fascinated by Ned, our AI. That's probably because he started his career as a software specialist."{WORDAI}
"Since the Multis' last unilateral action was brought to the public eye, public pressure has finally started to reach massive proportions. It's almost reached the point that the government will be able to win back a bit of respect."
"Weren't you given the data from the probe they sent? Let me think about it a moment.^^Well, the data indicates a small desert planet, which has a mass of 0.8 G, due to its extremely heavy core. There is oxygen in the atmosphere, but it's most likely not possible to breath without life-support systems. The sun in its solar system is of a similar size to our sun, but emits light from the redder side of the light spectrum. The planet doesn't have a tilted axis, so we really don't have to think much about climatic temperature changes. I think we can expect daytime temperatures of 50 degrees celsius and nighttime temperatures just below freezing.^ A revolution around its sun, wierdly enough lasts almost exactly as long as the earth needs to revolve around our sun. That seems to be just about everything that we know about our destination. After our flight together we should know a bit more."{WORDFlight}
"They're going to freak out in the DDT Central in Osaka. They don't like it when contact is broken off."
"Exactly, that's my name, Driscoll."
"You are in posession of a weapon! Are not the Secus the only crewmembers with clearance to carry weapons? You had better not show that to any one, Driscoll."
" The security people are not exactly loved on any ship. Since they broke up that strike on the GATES ten years ago by mowing down the whole team, they've had a pretty tarnished reputation."
"I'm a physicist and a xenobiologist in the service of the government. As you know, My presense is included on the ship to prevent catastrophes from occurring like they did on Joshi."
