free
"Most of us love living here, because of the wonderful climate and of course the city itself. The desert may appear to be desolate, but it has its own charm. And there are very beautiful plants in Umajo-Kenta. ^ ^ If you live between the sea and the desert, you enjoy a very special climate and exquisite air. I hope you will feel well here. ^ ^ I can tell you a little more about Umajo-Kenta: ^ ^ Since we are the only people that can produce and work metal, we do pretty well and you can buy a lot of valuable things around here. If you are looking for special items, you will certainly find them here - provided you can pay for them. Of course, food is very expensive since we have to ship everything in. I would also make a visit to the many traditional guilds." {WORDmetal}{WORDguilds}{WORDplants}
"Metal plays a very important role for us. We are the only culture that knows the ritual that appeases the Goddess of the Earth. We can mine and process metal ores and jewels. Many have tried to copy it. But it goes against our beliefs to abuse the treasures of our world. Whoever tries it will feel the wrath of Mother Earth and will receive great misfortune." {WORDritual}{WORDMother Earth}
"The most important guilds are those of the Miners and the Mountain Priests, the guild of the Diamond Polishers, and the guild of the Weaponsmiths. Each of these guilds has a clan house in the city. The most important guild members meet there regularly. Also, the guild houses are open for guests." {WORDDiamond Polisher}{WORDMiners}{WORDWeaponsmith}{WORDEquipmentmaker}
"Only the Mountain Priests can conduct this ritual. It placates Mother Earth, and it permits us to open the earth and mine ores and jewels. However, we can take no more than the Goddess allows us. Naturally the ritual is a well-kept secret which no one will disclose to you!" {WORDMother Earth}
"She rules over the Earth and punishes anyone who commits a crime against her. Anger and misfortune will break over those who do not perform the ritual." {WORDwrath}{WORDbad luck}{WORDritual}
"If you do not conduct the ritual, tunnels collapse, workers simply fall into shafts, there are explosions, you can no longer breathe the air, and lots of other horrible things happen."
"Making weapons is the oldest craft in our city. In addition to traditionally cutting and piercing weapons, shields, helmets, and many other items are produced."
 "The Miners mine ores and jewels while the Mountain Priests perform religious rituals to placate Mother Earth. {WORDritual} This guild is very important since all other guilds use the raw materials. You can probably imagine that this causes problems and conflicts often arise." {WORDreligion}
"They process the jewels from the mines to make valuable jewelry. Most of the items are exported. They also sell the jewelry here."{WORDprice}
"Our Equipment Makers are always busy developing new inventions. It's really astounding what they think up. Perhaps you've already heard of the phenomenal spring weapons, or seen a precision lock on a door or a trunk? You can be sure they were produced by our Equipment Makers. The people of this guild are very innovative, and at times they lose sight of our religion."
"It is really very expensive..."
"In the northwest, near the Miner's guild, you will find the 'Ore Mine' guest house. It's the only tavern, but it is quite large."
"There is no official council house in Umajo-Kenta, strictly speaking. If you have a request or problems, go to the chief magistrate's house. You will find it in the north-eastern part of the city."
"There was a healer in the city at one time. But because of our high standard of living, few people are ever sick. The healer was unemployed most of the time. He moved away one day. Since then, we have to summon a healer to come when someone is sick. Or we take the patient to the big island. ^ ^ You can buy remedies against sickness, poisonings, and such in our mixed goods shop."
"Kounos is a little village where a very traditional lifestyle prevails. The way to Kounos is hard to describe since it lies on the mountain range of the great island. It is pretty far from here."
"Srimalinar is a small, beautiful Iskai town. But it's very far from here. It is located on the north continent, north of Beloveno and on the other side of the mountain range." {WORDIskai}
"Religion is also an important component of our life. We believe in Mother Earth, whom we have to thank for our wealth. And naturally we believe in rituals and old traditions that enable us to live here the way we do." {WORDmother}{WORDritual}
"As far as I know, no Iskai live here. They prefer a luxurious vegetation and jungle-like climate. We do have some plants in our city, but outside the city it's almost all desert." {WORDplants}
"Fortunately, there are two fountains in the city which provide good drinking water which we also use to water our beautiful palms, trees, and grass." {WORDwater}
"There is a city gate in the north. It is directly beside the small guard house."
"We are always glad when visitors make purchases in our shops with hard currency. You will find a large assortment of goods here. There is a weapons merchant, an armament merchant, a food merchant, and a mixed goods shop. Many shops are integrated right into the guild houses. You can find select jewelry pieces as well as the Equipment Makers' latest production in the mixed goods shop." {WORDguild}
"Gold pieces are the recognized currency in Umajo-Kenta. Of course, there are other types of currencies you can use with certain people, but I won't go any further into that right now...hee hee."
"There are three climate zones on Albion: moderate, warm, and desert. Personally, I like it best here in the desert."
"They are Druids. They control black magic. I don't want to have anything to do with them."
"The harbor of Umajo-Kenta lies in the southwest. You can't miss it if you go south. There is a ship connection between Beloveno and Umajo-Kenta." {WORDUmajo-Kenta}
"Most ships transport goods to and from Umajo-Kenta. There are also passenger ships. A ship travels regularly between Beloveno and Umajo-Kenta." {WORDUmajo-Kenta}{WORDship}
"Yes, nice weather, huh?"
"Skeima Din. Well , basically it means "a beautiful day."
"We have a monopoly when it comes to metal production. Aside from us, no one knows how to extract metal ore without enraging Mother Earth." {WORDmother}{WORDMiners}
"There is an ore mine here which lies in the western corner of the city. There is also a guest house with the same name right near there."
"That's just north of the continent. Very far if you go on foot. The entrance is in a large cliff."
"You know her? ^ ^ You best steer clear of Nelly. She'll lead you around by the nose and play her little innocence game. You obviously don't know about her or you'd know the trouble she has caused before."
"How did you hear that? Has Zard, the pessimist, put you up to this? He maintains stubbornly that something very ludicrous came down from the sky. ^ ^ I admit there was an extremely loud roaring that came from the south, but I think it was just one of those strong desert storms."
"She has to be wandering around here somewhere. When you find her, you'd better be prepared. We are looking for her, too. Synja, the poor girl, was the first innocent victim, and if we don't find Nelly soon there will be more!"
"We gave it to her. Just what she deserved. The low-life. She didn't survive it and I'm glad."
"Naturally, the desert does not support much life, but there are always certain places with a bearable climate such as where we have built our city. We get our water from natural springs and the rain. Food is brought by ship." {WORDships}{WORDclimate}
"There's enough water here for us to live, but we have to be careful. We can't use the sea water because it's so salty. So we get our drinking water from natural springs in the ground and we collect rain water. Since it doesn't rain very often, we have to turn to the springs often."
"He is a known jewel collector."
