{BLOK000}"Well, sweeties, I'm sure you can tell by my clothing where I work. Come visit me there sometime! Of course, most males aren't willing to admit that they go to a brothel now and then."
"Skeima Din, Kariah greets you. I believe I have important information for you. Perhaps you can do the city a great service. Are you ready to help?" {WORDyes}{WORDno}
"Well, where will I begin? I work in a brothel and, from time to time, I get customers who er... play an important role in our society. Many entrust me with information I really don't want to know and is not intended for public ears. Naturally I would put myself in danger if I pass on that kind of information. But this is so important that I'm willing to take the risk. ^ ^ Specifically, it concerns Gard and Riko. They are members of the Council of the Just and they do not act for, but against, our community. Their own prosperity is more important to them. They are greedy, and strive for power and wealth! ^ You are experienced in battle! You can overthrow and kill them! The city is sure to thank you for it, believe me!" {BLOK010} "You put that a little too simply, dear Kariah. We don't have proof that any of this is true and, besides, this was all told to you in the throes of passion. I'm sure you won't reveal your source and that's understandable. If you did, you would put yourself in great danger, especially if everything that you have told us is true. ^ ^ We simply cannot act against Gard and Riko. Using which law? For what reason? We cannot simply get rid of them, and killing them is completely out of the question. We're sorry we can't do anything more for you, but we will try to find out more about Gard and Riko. We will try to keep you up to date." 
"Maybe I am too panicky, but believe me, the secrets my customers tell me at night are almost always true. And I believe we all have reason for concern. Please don't forget about all this. And visit me again!"
"That's really sad... Just think about it once more. Can you help us?"
"That'th me."
