{BLOK000} "I don't want to boast, but I am the most respected and competent magician in the area. For many years, I have been concerned with religious theories... Why am I telling you this? You obviously do not have the scientific knowledge needed to comprehend such information."
"Don't you see that I am busy? I hate being interrupted when I am preparing one of my speeches. So, what do you want?"{WORDspeech}{WORDKounos}
"You again? Listen. I am really a very sociable fellow, but I do not have time to deal with every stranger who is traveling through - especially when I am preparing a speech. So if you have something to say to me, make it brief." {WORDspeech}{WORDKounos}
"From time to time, I must improve the general knowledge of the inhabitants of Kounos. To do this I arrange a kind of religious service... I guess using that word should allow you to understand. This way my tribal brothers have already attained great knowledge. They are thankful for this and rightly so, if you ask me. I have an extremely important position here and I only mean well for Kounos and it's inhabitants. I give meaning to their lives. Now they have something to live for, and believe me that is crucial."{WORDbelieve}
"I don't think you will be able to understand the principles of our entire religion in just a few minutes. Therefore, I will just outline it: leadership by our Supreme Lord and the continuous improvement of our culture are the most important parts of our religion."{WORDreligion}
"It is dangerous to entrust the secrets of magic to strangers. Therefore, I will not give you any more information, even though I consider myself to be one of the most capable teachers. That aside, I really don't have time to give you any instruction. But I don't think that was the purpose of your visit, was it?"
"Now, you've probably noticed that we have a very traditional lifestyle here. This is good for us, since we can concentrate on our religion and the important aspects of life."
"Just who do you think you are talking to?"
"I have nothing to do with that. What do you want with this? Throw it away - it's a worthless forgery."
"That is a scrap of a document. Why should it concern me? What do you want with it? It is useless without the other part."
