{BLOK000} "I don't want to boast, but I am the most respected and competent magician in the area. For many years, I have been concerned with religious theories... Why am I telling you this? You obviously do not have the scientific knowledge needed to comprehend such information."
"You're here again? The other people told you horrible tales about me, and you wish to know what I think about them? You know, as long as I can concentrate on my goals I do not care what others think about me. I know my work is for a good reason and has decisively improved the lives of many people. You should concern yourself with real problems, not me. ^ ^ I would also like to give you some real advice: Just talk with the Iskai yourself, then you will see where the problems originate. Those pig-headed people! I only have to think about Edjirr, the tavern host... Arrim is even worse. Convince yourself. Talk with those conceited people in Srimalinar."{WORDproblems}
"Since you asked me about it, very well, I will tell you. There is something dangerous in the north of the continent, right near the Iskai village of Srimalinar. There is a cellar there which the Iskai have considered their possession and shrine for generations now. They regularly hold religious ceremonies there and have imposed a taboo on the place and its surroundings. This taboo is strictly observed by everyone. That is the official version and what everyone in the area believes. But it is not the truth! The humans are gullible and they gladly believe anything. ^Nobody thought to investigate that place's secret, but I have done so! The truth is that under the cover of a 'holy shrine', the Iskai have been researching powerful black magic. They have been experimenting with new forces which even I wouldn't dare use. I probably don't need to mention the dangers that lurk in such an enterprise, and how easily things can get out of control when amateur magicians are fooling around with forces which are way beyond their capabilities. ^ ^ However, they have chosen to do it and now they are paying the consequences. The forces have grown too powerful for them. A completely uncontrollable situation has arisen. Those horrible creatures near the site are only the first indications of the growing danger which emerges from that place. We will have to do something about it before long. And even if the Beloveno council thinks it is not necessary to get involved, we in Kounos will not sit by idly!"{WORDbelieve}{WORDtaboo}{WORDmagic}{WORDKounos}
"I don't think you will be able to understand the principles of our entire religion in just a few minutes. Therefore, I will just outline it: leadership by our Supreme Lord and the continuous improvement of our culture are the most important parts of our religion."{WORDreligion}
"It is dangerous to entrust the secrets of magic to strangers. Therefore, I will not give you any more information, even though I consider myself to be one of the most capable teachers. That aside, I really don't have time to give you any instruction. But I don't think that was the purpose of your visit, was it?"
"Now, you've probably noticed that we have a very traditional lifestyle here. This is good for us, since we can concentrate on our religion and the important aspects of life."
"Just who do you think you are talking to?"
"I have nothing to do with that. What do you want with this? Throw it away - it's a worthless forgery."
"That is a scrap of a document. Why should it concern me? What do you want with it? It is useless without the other part."
