{BLOK000} "I don't want to boast, but I am the most respected and competent magician in the area. For many years, I have been concerned with religious theories... Why am I telling you this? You obviously do not have the scientific knowledge needed to comprehend such information."
"I heard that you were at the Council of the Just?" {WORDcouncil}{WORDproblems}
"You're never satisfied, are you? Well, I understand if you're panicked and anxious because of the impending danger." {WORDcouncil}{WORDproblems}
"Beloveno's 'Council of the Just' is a farce. They talk, but do nothing. We, on the other hand, act." {BLOK010} "We believe that you have allies in the council." {BLOK011} "We have a different opinion." {BLOK012} "We agree."
"Allies? That is nonsense. I would be glad if Beloveno and its council would be more cooperative, but that is just not the case. You shouldn't believe everything you hear. I have enemies, that's for sure. There are many jealous people who don't like my success and reputation - they just want to ruin it. But you are intelligent and certainly can distinguish between rumors and the truth."
"Ah, you are nothing but a bunch of pig-headed numskulls who don't know your place in the world." {BLOK013} "Think of us what you wish." {BLOK014} "You better not say that again..."
"I knew you'd finally understand what this is all about. There aren't many people who reach this stage in life."
"You disappoint me. But, then, what can I expect from a thrown-together group of travelers?"
"Or what?! I asked you a question! {BLOK015} "Oh, we meant that we have to go now." {BLOK016} "Or you will regret your behavior!"
"Then get out of here. I told you at the beginning that I am busy and have no time for you."
"You want to threaten me? Be warned, I will not hesitate about calling the guards if it comes to that." {BLOK017} "We're sure you will." {BLOK018} "We don't think that it is necessary to fight!"
"I've had enough of you, get out of here!"
"You will get to know me... GUARDS! GUARDS!"
"Since you asked me about it, very well, I will tell you. There is something dangerous in the north of the continent, right near the Iskai village of Srimalinar. There is a cellar there which the Iskai have considered their possession and shrine for generations now. They regularly hold religious ceremonies there and have imposed a taboo on the place and its surroundings. This taboo is strictly observed by everyone. That is the official version and what everyone in the area believes. But it is not the truth! The humans are gullible and they gladly believe anything. ^Nobody thought to investigate that place's secret, but I have done so! The truth is that under the cover of a 'holy shrine', the Iskai have been researching powerful black magic. They have been experimenting with new forces which even I wouldn't dare use. I probably don't need to mention the dangers that lurk in such an enterprise, and how easily things can get out of control when amateur magicians are fooling around with forces which are way beyond their capabilities. ^ ^ However, they have chosen to do it and now they are paying the consequences. The forces have grown too powerful for them. A completely uncontrollable situation has arisen. Those horrible creatures near the site are only the first indications of the growing danger which emerges from that place. We will have to do something about it before long. And even if the Beloveno council thinks it is not necessary to get involved, we in Kounos will not sit by idly!"{WORDbelieve}{WORDtaboo}{WORDmagic}{WORDKounos}{WORDdanger}
"I don't think you will be able to understand the principles of our entire religion in just a few minutes. Therefore, I will just outline it: leadership by our Supreme Lord and the continuous improvement of our culture are the most important parts of our religion."{WORDreligion}
"It is dangerous to entrust the secrets of magic to strangers. Therefore, I will not give you any more information, even though I consider myself to be one of the most capable teachers. That aside, I really don't have time to give you any instruction. But I don't think that was the purpose of your visit, was it?"
"Now, you've probably noticed that we have a very traditional lifestyle here. This is good for us, since we can concentrate on our religion and the important aspects of life."
"Haven't I already told you what kind of problems we are having?" {BLOK020} "Yes, you have." {BLOK021} "We don't think so."
"Well, the problem has become so big that we must do something about it. My tribal brothers agree with me and fully support my plan."{WORDplan}
"We will do what must be done! We will occupy the shrine and prevent the Iskai from causing any damage from their prayer site. We might have to destroy the magic workshop, but we won't decide on that until we are there." {BLOK022} "But the taboo?"
"We will ignore the taboo. Beloveno should be happy that we are doing this for them. We will occupy the site as soon as possible and see what must be done!" {BLOK023} "Doesn't this mean a war between the Iskai and the humans?"
"Listen, I don't like to repeat myself. We have to save the land before the horrible creatures take over. And our enemy's power grows stronger every moment!"
"Just who do you think you are talking to?"
"I have nothing to do with that. What do you want with this? Throw it away - it's a worthless forgery."
"That is a scrap of a document. Why should it concern me? What do you want with it? It is useless without the other part."
