"{BLOK000} "It is my function to lead and coordinate the Council of the Just."
"Welcome to Beloveno! My name is Herras, and I am the president of the Council of the Just. I assume that you are stopping by to visit us. Good, I will take note of that. I'm happy you're visiting Beloveno, and I wish you a pleasant stay. Beloveno is a very large city, and if you are looking for opportunities to purchase things, then you are in the right place. There is a weapons and an armor dealer, a food merchant, and a mixed goods shop. We have a healer, her name is Ramina, and there is a nice tavern called 'The Open Tap'. You can also spend the night there. And naturally you should see the large harbor south of the city. If you have any questions or problems, feel free to come to me. Naturally, I am quite busy sometimes, but I can always find time for a little chat. There are also several interesting things in the area. First, there is the great mountain range which divides the continent into a north side and a south side. There is a little village by the name of Kounos on this mountain range. On the north side there is a small Iskai village called Srimalinar. Near there is a holy shrine, but there have been rumors recently that horrible creatures have been seen there. Now then, I wish you all the best for your journey. And come by again!" {WORDBeloveno}{WORDquestions}{WORDrumors}{WORDtown hall}
"That's what our city is called."
"That's me."
"Well, that didn't take long. I suggest you first get to know the immediate area. You'll certainly get to know a lot of interesting people that way."
"Well, I'm still not sure if there is anything to it, but I have heard that more and more horrible creatures are coming out of the shrine there. But you better not go there anyway; there is a taboo which prohibits humans from entering the shrine, and it belongs to the Iskai." {WORDtaboo}{WORDIskai}
"The council house is the most beautiful building in Beloveno. You should look around a bit. No one will stop you."
