{BLOK000}"I am a diamond polisher."
"Welcome to the Diamond Polishers' guild." {WORDDiamond Polisher}
"Welcome, friends. I am glad that you dropped by again. The diamond polishers are always fond of visitors." {WORDDiamond Polisher}
"Our guild has a long tradition. All of our knowledge and the experience of many years are reproduced in our masterpieces, which are displayed in the large case. ^ ^ If you are looking for an expert in precious stones you can find him here. There are display rooms, workshops and living quarters. As far as precious stones are concerned, I will gladly give you advice." {WORDgems}{WORDexperience}
"What are you most interested in? How we polish the stones, or are you more interested in the members of our guild? Would you like to know something about collectors or about our prices?" {WORDpolish}{WORDprices}{WORDmembers}{WORDcollectors}
"First, the miners send us rough stones which are secondary products of the mined ores. These stones are sorted according to size, type, and purpose, and then they're finished. Some stones are cut into smaller stones if, for example, they have flaws. We then set the stones into chains, rings and other jewelry. Other stones are improved through polishing and are immediately sold in their original form. ^ ^ You can see many examples of these preparations in our display case. If you would like to buy stones or other items, then please see Mykonou. He is usually in the display room. He is an experienced polisher and has been here for a long time. I'm sure you will recognize him." {WORDexhibition}{WORDMykonou}
"You'll find displays to the left and right of the entrance. Feel free to look at everything there. If you'd like to buy something, see Mykonou." {WORDMykonou}
"Mykonou is the oldest diamond polisher in our guild. He does not polish anymore, but can give you excellent advice and is very familiar with all precious stones. ^ ^ You usually find him in the display area where he takes care of the stones and jewelry. He is always the one to see when you want to buy something. ^ ^ Oh, yes. He is somewhat reserved, but don't let that scare you off. Many people have feel that he has only money on his mind, but that isn't entirely so."
"Since we produce things that one doesn't actually need to live, we can demand a bit more money. That is why only rich people buy from us. But we are not really rich; it takes a long time to polish a stone and the prices the miners charge for the rough stones are quite high. And people do not buy precious stones and jewels like they do food."{WORDMiners}
"Maybe you've already heard that from someone else. Since the miners are the only ones who can get the rough stones and ores out of the earth, we are dependent on them. We really don't know what to do about this: Edjirr, an Equipment Maker, is supposedly trying to mine ore himself. Please let this information stay between us. I don't believe that he has had much success since the miners are the only ones who can perform the ritual to placate Mother Earth. All the old proverbs and customs say that anyone who does not do so will no longer lead a happy life. Even though many things change in our world and the Equipment Makers are open to progress, the old traditions should not be forgotten. At least, that is my opinion." {WORDritual}
"Just talk to the people. Except for Mykonou, all of them are very talkative. We don't have anything against you going into our rooms. But please, don't disturb us during our polishing. ^ ^ Naturally, not all of the people are present. But you can always take a look." 
"That's a subject in and of itself. I know of only three collectors who live here in the city. They are all pretty fanatical and weird, and dreamers as well. They live almost exclusively for their collections. You see, precious stones can have magic effects even if they aren't magic. ^ ^ When I find out how valuable a precious stone is, I no longer wonder what sacrifices the collectors made to get it. Naturally, you will always find the greatest collection right here in our display. Perhaps you know Ohl. He's a typical example of someone who can only think about precious stones." {WORDmagic gems}{WORDexhibition}
"Magical precious stones are an absolute rarity. I only know of very, very few which have any significant effect. The most famous magical stone is probably the 'Stone of a Thousand Visions'. Mykonou steadfastly maintains that this stone exists. I think it's just a fairy tale. According to the legend, if you believe in it, the person who possesses this stone can look into the minds of people and read their thoughts. Supposedly, the crystal will grow in size and rotate and what not. The usual stories. Although, I must confess that it would nice to be able to read people's minds. Doesn't it ever occur to you how mysterious life really is? ^ ^ But I am digressing again, please excuse my philosophical inclinations. Mykonou is always telling me that our guild once had the stone. And then, one night long ago, an Equipment Maker stole it. Now they are experimenting with the stone in their dark cellars and are trying to find a way to use it. But there isn't any evidence for the stone's existence, let alone the theft. ^ ^ However, if you can find the stone and return it, I'd really be happy, that's for sure!"
"You need a lot of experience to do this work. If you like you can try and polish a stone yourself. Have a lot of fun with it, hee hee. But, as with everything else, you can only get good results by practicing. Fortunately you can learn a lot from teachers and trainers." {WORDtrainer}
"I don't think you'd like to become diamond polishers, since then you would have to settle down and stay here. If you'd like to learn something, then you can go to the Equipment Makers. They are specialists in fine locks. The problem is they don't always readily pass on their knowledge. I think Kemilo was an Equipment Maker originally. You can find him in our guild if he happens to be around. I believe he would show you if I asked him. He is extremely good with fine mechanisms. He makes locking mechanisms for all of our valuable chains." {WORDrequest}
"Yes, good, I'll let Kemilo know when I see him. He will certainly be able to teach you a few things."
"What's that? Isn't that... ^ ^ Where did you get that? It has to be a fake. That cannot be {FAT }the {NORS} Stone of the Thousand Visions! Where did you find it?{BLOK010} "We got it out of the equipment makers research centers. It was in a dust-covered chest."
"I don't believe it. If that's true, old Mykonou's stories were right. I still can't believe it. However, if that's really the stone, and it appears to be, then you must set it in the large ornament in the reception hall. Mykonou said that that's the only way the Stone can produce its effect. Why don't you try it out?"
