{BLOK000}"I am a Mountain Priest and can conduct the ritual."{WORDritual}
"Skeima Din, I am busy with the spiritual preparations for my sermon. However, I will be glad to help you if you would like to know something."{WORDpreparations}
"Skeima Din, I believe we already know each other. Unfortunately, I still have a lot to do."{WORDwork}
"There are only two Mountain Priests in our guild. We are pretty busy and we have to perform the ritual at least twice a day. Otherwise, we will offend Mother Earth. Of course, we need to mentally prepare for several hours before we can perform the ceremony."{WORDritual}{WORDwork}
"Yes, the need for ores and precious stones is becoming greater and greater-we can hardly keep up with the mining."{WORDmining}
"All other guilds need ores and raw diamonds for further processing. Since we are the only ones who can perform the mining, we are forced to work a lot if we want our trade to flourish, which we do, of course."{WORDtrade}
"We are the only ones who can produce metal, and our existence is ensured by this monopoly since our metal products are sent everywhere in the world. Therefore, it is also very important for us to keep the knowledge about the ritual to ourselves. If other people gained this knowledge, there would no longer be a need for our products. ^ ^ For this reason, we are always careful that no strangers gets this knowledge. Before we perform the ritual, we check repeatedly to make sure we are alone. Only then can the ceremony take place and can we continue mining the ores. We do not like it at all when strangers wander around in our tunnels. So, remember, you are welcome to look around our guild but, please, do not go into the mining tunnels."{WORDmining tunnel}
"The tunnels are located in the north where we have dug into the great rock wall. There are also a couple of rail and loading facilities. But as I have already said, we do not like it at all if strangers try to spy on us behind our backs."{WORDespionage}
"If we catch anybody at it, we can be extremely inhospitable. It wouldn't be the first time someone has tried it."{WORDattempt}
"Some time ago, we discovered an Equipment Maker, Merdger, who was spying on us during the ritual."{WORDEquipmentmaker}
"That's why we don't have a very good relationship with the Equipment Makers. They believe the ritual is pure superstition and, thus, unnecessary. I've even heard that they've already tried to mine ores themselves. However, the good Mother Earth will never allow those who are not authorized to do this. So, all attempts have been fairly unsuccessful up to now. Merdger still doesn't officially admit that the old traditions are pure superstition. But at least he does realize that he did something wrong and asks himself why. ^ ^ No one will succeed in spying on us. We are very careful about it now. However, for some time this has caused a problem with the Equipment Makers. They also think our prices are much too high, although they do not appreciate how hard we work. It's only right for us to have a modest profit."{WORDshare}
"Other guilds also pay us for ores and raw diamonds. That's what we live on."
