{BLOK000}"I'm in control of all official business in the city - the person they turn to during crises and conflicts. In addition, I am responsible for the city treasury."
"Welcome. ^ ^ I hope you have come for an important reason, since my time is valuable. How can I help you?"{BLOK010}"We would like to give you an important message."{BLOK011}"Excuse me, we've made a mistake."
"As I've already said, I told Kossotto about this. He knows about it and can give you the necessary knowledge. You'll find him in the Equipment Maker's testing cellars."
"What? ^ ^ Well, don't disturb me anymore."
"Good, then tell me." ^ ^ {INK 001}And so Tom begins to relate the most important events of the long story. Although he tries to keep it short, it still takes a fairly long time. Sojekos listens attentively and doesn't interrupt once. ^ ^ Tom tells about the Earth, the Toronto, and the visit here with his new friends. He also tells about his change of mind and the dangers which now threaten this world. He describes the urgency of the situation very clearly and Sojekos appears to understand the seriousness of the situation.
"Well, I've never heard such a story before. However, since I've already heard a lot about you, and since the most important points in your description match with my information - by the way, I've seen the space ship land, even if I didn't know it at the time - and you don't seem to be a bunch of lunatics, I believe you. You can count on my full support. ^ ^ So now you want to know how metal can be destroyed with magic. Unfortunately, I must confess that I do not have this knowledge, but there are people here who are familiar with it." {WORDknowledge}
"The people I am talking about are hard to reach. Under normal circumstances, they would never give you the knowledge, because for us knowledge is an asset we don't normally hand over to strangers."{WORDcircumstances}
"But, in this case, the situation is quite different. We are very happy you're ready to help us, and the matter is so important to us that we will give you the knowledge you need. ^ ^ The person who can help you is named Kossotto. Can you remember the name?"{WORDKossotto}
"Good. Kossotto is an Equipment Maker, but he is almost never in the guild. He would never teach you this magic if I wouldn't force him to. Fortunately, he respects me and he will do what I tell him to, even if he doesn't like it. Kossotto has to see an advantage for himself in everything he does, otherwise he won't do it. However, he is not stupid and certainly will understand that this is of great use to everyone here. Immediately after this discussion, I will send someone to inform Kossotto. You must go to him since I do not know in what form he will give you this knowledge. Do you know where he stays?"{WORDlocation}
"Kossotto is almost always in the Equipment Makers' old research cellars. He doesn't like to be disturbed, so you'll find him in the most remote corner. Visit him and he will help you. ^ ^ I would like to thank you in the name of all citizens in Umajo-Kenta. Although you are not entirely innocent - after all, some of you did come here with that hostile space ship - I consider you to be friends, since you understand that you were wrong. ^ ^ Now go and find Kossotto."
