{BLOK000}"My name is Jonatharh. I am the chief cook here and leader of the slaves." {WORDslaves}{WORDcook}{WORDleader}
"Naturally, the word has a bad connotation, but being a slave of the Kenget isn't all that bad. I can't complain: if you are industrious and don't exhibit any exaggerated pretensions, then you can actually achieve something around here!"{WORDKenget Kamulos}{WORDpossibilities}
"I've think they're great guys, actually. Sure, you could argue as to whether or not it makes sense to honor the war god Kamulos. But it's not as if that's such an easy thing to do. It's really quite dangerous, you know. And you have to give them one thing: they really fight fair - no dirty tricks or anything like that."
"Traditionally, the cook is the chief of the slaves. It's a real honor for me. And it's not that difficult either. I mean, of course I take a lot of care in preparing the meals but, and please don't tell anyone what I'm saying to you now, they don't have very sophisticated palates, if you see what I mean. The Druids expect the finest meals, but I can present anything to the warriors and they'll eat it without complaint. They have absolutely no idea how good they have it with me."{WORDdruids}{WORDwarrior}
"Well, I do all right. I can go unsupervised to the market to buy food, I can prepare my own food, and I even get paid. I won't get rich, but I don't have many expenses either. And the rest of the slaves get nothing. Except no one here does anything to them, because they are all impure. Exactly what impure is, I don't know. Perhaps my son can tell you that. He has now been accepted here as a novice. So you see, there really are opportunities here - even as a slave! Offer me freedom, and I would turn it down just like that. I have everything I need here." {WORDson}
"It is my job to discipline the slaves. Many of them are incredible numskulls who don't understand how good they have it here. Plenty of free food, a roof over their heads, and - something which is often underestimated -safety! Only an idiot would risk attacking the Kenget! But as I said, that doesn't seem to be enough for some of them. So, sometimes I have to whip a little gratitude into them. Don't misunderstand me: I don't like doing it! But, unfortunately, it is necessary now and then!"
"The Druids are the warriors who fight only with magic. They don't use swords or anything like that. Some of them are really intelligent and nice people. I even call one or two of them friends. Naturally they wouldn't officially admit that."
"The warriors do not control any magic and so they need proper weapons. For the most part - and I'm saying this unofficially - they are a little bit dumber than the Druids. And, unfortunately, more arrogant. And as I said, they have tongues like a Brogg."
"Ruainaigh! My pride and joy! Such a clever lad. I wouldn't be surprised if he even became high priest. He has the makings for it, you mark my words! Unfortunately, I see him less and less now because he has so much to learn. Tell him hello for me if you see him. And tell him he ought to drop in on his old man again. His mother still keeps worrying about him as if he were still a little child. But, you know women, that's the way they are: soft, naive, but still you can't do without them, right? Hahaha!"
"Good day, stranger."
