{BLOK000} "I am a servant here, I cook and clean, and so forth. The Enlightened Ones aren't really the most practical people if you know what I mean. Do you want to know something?" {WORDservant}{WORDEnlightened Ones}
"They are really very lovely beings, whether they are human or Iskai. It's just a bit difficult to talk with them. Their feet just aren't on the ground, if you understand what I mean. But they're never arrogant or anything like that. Mostly, they even ask when they want something, though they pay me for it. If I remember my time with the Kenget... But I can't tell you exactly what the Enlightened Ones do. It's all very secretive. They pop up out of nothing, and when you've just gotten used to them they disappear again. Sometimes I'll have nothing to do all day, and all of a sudden then return without any warning. But as I said, they treat me well and that's worth something." {WORDfeet on the ground}{WORDKenget Kamulos}
"It's a big difference from being a slave with the Kenget. And, confidentially, the entire place would collapse without me. I'm sure of it!" {WORDKenget Kamulos}
"My last job was with the Kenget Kamulos, if you know what I mean. The Kenget are a kind of Enlightened Ones for assassins. They seek the welfare of Albion by worshipping the old war god Kamulos. And they don't just pray with words! I was a slave there. They just captured me because a cousin of mine had offended one of those loons. They simply took me away from the field where I was working. My wife and daughter were killed. After two years I was able to escape, but only because I had gotten in with Jonathahr, the chief slave. He's quite a character. In his position as chief slave, he actually feels responsible for keeping the other slaves from complaining. He always saying that you should be happy that you have a solid roof over your head and so on. Well, I've been lucky. I don't have a family any more, but at least I am treated like a human being here."
"Talk awhile with them, then you'll know what I mean. I'm not saying that everything they say is nonsense, but it is just not that easy to understand." 
"Hello! At last! Some visitors from the outside world!"
"Ah, there you are again!"
