!
"Animebona means flow of souls. She is the daughter of the Unknown God. We Enlightened Ones also call her Entity, she is our creator and ur-mother. Together with her younger brother Animenkna - that means bridle of souls - she created the heaven and the earth, the animals and the plants. Up to now we thought she created Albion by herself, without her brother. And now you have come here, so Animenkna must have also participated in the creation of Albion. That is very frightening to us. For where should we turn when Animenkna's spirit has crushed Albion as well?" {WORDEnlightened Ones}{WORDEntity}{WORDAnimenkna}{WORDAlbion}{WORDUnknown God}
"Animenkna is the younger brother of Animebona. He is the ruler of your world, for he is the order, the consistent, the logical. We call it the bridle. He created everything together with his sister. Only in the case of men, Animebona wanted to create her own people - the Celts. And Animenkna was jealous of the people she created, and so he created his own people, the Helromier." {WORDAnimebona}{WORDCelts}{WORDHelromier}
"That is the name of this world. Albion means 'white land'. We always thought this was the land of Animebona, but maybe Animenkna was also right when he answered her." {WORDanswer}
"The three greatest heroes of the Celts, the people of Animebona, were Vercingetorix, Catuvellaunus, and Canto the Wise. They fought against the Helromier Saethar and his son, Bathrig." {WORDVercingetorix}{WORDCatuvellaunus}{WORDCanto}{WORDSaethar}{WORDBathrig}
"There is no doubt that they are very clever people. Some of them even succeeded with their causal logic to recognize that Animenkna is not the only son of the Unknown God. They had great singers and thinkers: Homer and Aristotle. But their flaws allowed them to get stronger than us. They developed writing, as did we. But their writing soon began to no longer just mean what it said. For them, the writing WAS what it said and their words WERE what they meant. The flow of the language froze and they began to stack individual concepts one onto the other like stones. Their language lost its spirit. They were still very clever, but without spirit. They built the tower of their words higher and higher and converted everything magical, which they feared, into dead material, and filled it with new, spiritless life. But they completely control this undead material." {WORDUnknown God}{WORDHomer}{WORDAristotle}{WORDmagic}
"It would be best if our bard sings that for you. She recently composed a wonderful song which tells our history since the beginning of time." {WORDbard}
"He was the brother of the Catuvellaunus and was the first to fall in the battle against Saethar."
"He was the Celts' greatest warrior and a talented leader. He fell in the battle against Saethar."
"He led the Celts to Albion, after he discovered the true nature of Bathrig." 
"He was the greatest warrior of the Helromier and a great leader. He was the first to bring dead material against the Celts, and he had great success converting even his armies into dead material. Dead material which consisted of living soldiers! But he lost his life by his own weapon, Broto, after he had killed Catuvellaunus and Vercingetorix." {WORDBroto}
"He was the son of Saethar, but much more clever than the latter, because he did not conquer the Celts through war, in which they were difficult to beat. Rather he enticed them by preaching the Unknown God to them. Unfortunately, this was very enticing for many of the Celts. They did not recognize that by preaching the Unknown God, Bathrig gave him a name - as is the nature of the Helromier. Canto discovered his true nature and, at the same time, saw that the earth was lost to the Helromier. He with the last faithful ones to Albion, a place where the Helromier did not yet have access. Their tower of words was not yet high enough. Now it appears to be..."
"It's typical that you, a Helromier, would ask about that. He is unknown; therefore, there is nothing more to say about him."
"Since magic has no words, it is difficult to explain. Imagine that you are with friends and all of you had a vivid concept of an event. This event will happen when you have the right access to Animebona. For Helromier, it is very difficult to grasp. But who knows? Perhaps Drannagh, our magic teacher, can help you. Have him explain to you precisely how our transport caves work!" {WORDtransport caves}
"Our bard, Mairi, is a treasure for our Order. You really should listen to her."
"Canto, who traveled far through the lands of Helromia, told us of the songs of Homer, of the war of the Iliad, where Achilles and Patrokles fell, and of the travels of Ulysses, who was the first to win against the magic of Animebona by freezing words and using them for his purposes. He was the first prince of Animenkna." {WORDUlysses}
"He built the tower of words. Where Ulysses laid the foundation, Aristotle devised the means to build the tower to great heights. He was a great thinker, there is no doubt about that. But he only used the goals of Animenkna. The Helromier value him as the founder of logic and, for them, that is the highest thing. But even through their logic, the Helromier have still not been able to understand the essence of magic. They may be stronger than the Celts, but they are still far from being everything!"
"Broto means sting. He was the sting of Saethar and, at the same time, his fate. There is an old saying that the Helromier will be destroyed by their own weapons some day, but I prefer to believe that they will be robbed of their superiority through their weapons. It goes against the spirit of Animebona for Animenkna to disappear completely. For the river exists only when there is a mountain AND a valley." 
"The cunning Ulysses. A very interesting figure, even if we don't have much sympathy for him. His cleverness consisted of clinging to the magic of Animebona and then betraying it for his own purposes. As such, he was a great example for Bathrig. Consider the one-eyed giant Polyphemus. Ulysses saved himself by changing his name, thus using it as a tool for his purposes. He only imitated the magic which creates a name: for his name was no longer the expression of magic, but the expression of the purpose which he sought to accomplish. And this is probably one of the main differences between the Celts and the Helromier. Irkith is particularly brilliant in this area. You should ask her about it."
"She views things and living beings as individuals which do not belong to an order or higher state of being. You know, everything has its own magic - its own Ens. Therefore, a man does not become a man because he externally appears as a man, but he simply IS a man. Therefore, we call the counterpart of the entity - her brother Animenkna - the ontic, because he classifies everything and brings order to that which he sees as chaos when it is really nothing more than the variety of all Ens. To explain it simply: a man who feels like an Iskai IS an Iskai. Animenkna would never understand this. For him, this Iskai would be a man because he looks like one." {WORDEns}
"We are an order of beings who have reached a certain degree of understanding into the thoughts of Animebona. We are no longer human or Iskai, although we used to be one of the two, we are only the Enlightened Ones. Our Ens is enlightened. However, we are not a solid group, but are only loosely assembled here. For outsiders, this may appear to be a little chaotic; however, in reality, our Ens lead us here when we are needed. We also recognize each other by our Ens." {WORDEns}
"I will try to make this clear to you. That which brings you to speak of 'I' and, thus to mean something which differentiates you from others, is the Ens. But the Ens is more than that. The Ens is everything you are. If you try to describe it in words you will fail, because words are fixed concepts for you. They don't flow. Perhaps you should ask our healer." {WORDHelromier}
"Naturally, Drannagh knows more about that. But this much I can tell you: it's a really good thing. You can use it to travel to any place in Albion in a split second. It is our strongest magic." {WORDmagic}
"Just as the river does not flow evenly, so does the energy of Animebona not flow evenly. And so just as flowers sprout in the river when the current is particularly strong, so do flowers sprout in those places in which the spirit of Animebona is particularly strong. You too can feel the effect of the flow, the soul, when you enter such a place. You need only stay perfectly still at one of these points and meditate for a long time."
"No, we don't feel good about using the methods of Animenkna to save Animebona. But perhaps all of history has shown us that the two siblings were never completely separate. Aren't there remnants of Animebona on your planet? Can you really explain everything? I do not believe that you can do so. And ancient lore helps all of us in this perplexing situation. Because just as Saethar was slain by his own weapon, Broto, so also will the Toronto be destroyed through the assistance of Animenkna." {WORDToronto}
"It is the essence of Animenkna to put all knowledge in order and to thus stop any flow. But try to stop a river. No matter how strong and high a dam is, at some point even the smallest river will overcome and fill the basin. And so with the Toronto, Animenkna will celebrate only a passing success. At some point, Animebona will destroy this also - even if we should fail. For nothing that Animenkna orders lasts forever. Nevertheless we musl try to destroy the Toronto for those who live and for those who come after us."
"Now it shall happen. The fact that you, Helromier, are going to destroy the Toronto is a good sign. For it could mean that Animenkna stands on our side. We may not understand Animenkna well enough. Maybe the Toronto is colliding with its own principles. Who knows? It's all in the flow." {WORDToronto}
"Ah, you have obtained the Umajo's knowledge of metal magic. Brilliant! ^ ^ Now, we are only missing the Kenget Kamulos' knowledge for creating the seed." 
"The High Knowledge of the Kenget Kamulos! Outstanding! Now we only need the Umajo's knowledge of metal magic, and the creation of the seed can begin."
"I don't know what you mean."
"Please go to the great metal ship and make contact with the Helromier there." {WORDHelromier}
"The seed! May it fulfill the hopes which we have placed in it!"
"Guard this amulet well, it is the only possibility for gaining access to the transport caves." {WORDtransport caves}
"She is our youngest member, and a great talent."
"Harriet, I know you will not disappoint us. Accompany the Helromier, Tom Driscoll, and be the eye of Animebona."
