empty
No member of the group is particularly eager to put their hand there.
A large sofa.
A large cabinet.
A grill.
A bed.
A fireplace.
The bedcover.
Iskai cutlery.
A plate.
A container.
A sausage.
A ham-like piece of meat.
A ladle.
Different herbs.
Fruits.
A specialty meat.
A drinking cup.
A bowl.
A spice.
Small spice jars.
A small cup.
A kitchen knife.
Cookies.
A small sausage.
This bottle contains an aromatic liquid.
A cloth.
A hand towel.
A bucket.
A roasting pan.
A pot.
Within this kettle, there is a small pot on a rod in which food can be heated slowly.
A cushion.
A large roasting pan.
A fur brush.
A water channel.
A water basin.
A water barrier.
A large clay mug.
A bureau.
All kinds of unimportant small items lie in the drawers of this desk.
A chest.
This is a fairly large kettle. Perhaps it can store supplies, water, or food.
In the water basin, there's a strange plant which pumps water out of the ground with its strong, pulsating motions. Apparently, this fountain serves as the water supply.
The water in this pool smells bad and foul. This is probably where sewage is collected.
Water plants.
Herbaceous plants.
An exotic plant.
Climbing, grasping plant.
Places for further Cutmap events.
A staircase. It leads down through the floor.
A staircase goes up through the floor.
This is apparently some kind of bed. It is filled with sand, which offers astounding comfort because of its coarse but rounded grains.
The enormous shape makes this look like sitting furniture. It acts like a plant. It has apparently grown. The surface is soft and elastic.
The fountain of the house.
The water channels probably serve for the drinking water supply. They run through the house like small brooks.
The musty odor and the holes in the object lead to the conclusion that this is a kind of toilet. This "furniture" is also made from plants, and thrives vigorously because of its regular fertilization.
This is where the really urgent activities in life are performed.
A sweet, tart smelling dish is cooking in this pan.
A seat.
A massive wooden table.
A large-leafed plant.
A door.
A knife.
A short dagger.
A dagger.
A large dagger.
A short sword.
An Iskai knife.
An Iskai dagger.
An Iskai stiletto.
An Iskai short sword.
A large Iskai stiletto.
An Iskai sword.
A large Iskai sword.
An Iskai long sword.
An Iskai lance.
A large Iskai dagger.
A short Iskai stiletto.
A large Iskai stiletto.
A large Iskai sword.
A small bow.
A bow.
An arrow.
A long arrow.
A leather shield.
A small Iskai shield.
An Iskai shield.
A large Iskai shield.
A leather cap.
An Iskai leather cap.
An Iskai metal cap.
An Iskai metal helmet.
An Iskai chest protector.
An Iskai metal chest protector.
Light Iskai armor.
Iskai armor.
An empty bottle.
A green healing potion.
A turquoise healing potion.
A blue healing potion.
A red drink.
A violet drink.
A blue drink.
A key.
A rope.
A torch.
An Iskai notepad.
A piece of paper.
An Iskai ring book.
An Iskai ring pad.
A pencil.
A short pencil.
A bench.
This seat literally grows out of the ground and is quite comfortable.
A wooden pole. There is a sign on the top.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
Place holder for further Cut-Map Events.
{CNTR}The planet: Into the jungle.
{CNTR}The planet: Forest and waterfall.
{CNTR}The planet: Through the desert.
{CNTR}2D: Iskai interior design.
{CNTR}2D: Iskai inn.
{CNTR}2D: Dark druids: Gloomy but beautiful.
{CNTR}2D: The "decadent".
{CNTR}2D: The descendants of the Celts.
{CNTR}3D: The cursed Dji-Fadh place (organic dungeon).
{CNTR}3D: Jirinaar, city of the Iskai.
{CNTR}3D: Halls of the dark druids.
{CNTR}3D: Mixed Pixlers dungeon.
{CNTR}3D: The little cave.
{CNTR}3D: On board of the Toronto.
{CNTR}{FAHI}{INK 006}Welcome to the incredible ALBION-shortcut-map {NORS}(TM) {FAHI}!{NORS} ^ ^ {INK 001}Press Alt-F7 to return to this map at any time.
{CNTR}Beloveno, the port town of the south.
{CNTR}{INK 001}Welcome to a work-in-progress - version of ^ {HIGH}ALBION{NORS}. ^ {JUST} Please keep in mind that this version is BY NO MEANS REPRESENTATIVE OF THE GAMEPLAY of the finished product! There are still some essential parts of the program missing. Please refer to the printed manual which is enclosed with this CD. ^ ^ Currently you are in a demo-map, which gives you access to different areas of ALBION. Press Alt-F7 to return to this map. Just go through the doors to take a look at the exceptionally wide range of in-game-graphics. Except for the user-interface, all texts are still in German, sorry. ^ ^ How to play: Simply put, if you want to move, use the left mouse-button, if you want to do or to cancel something, press (or hold down) the right mouse-button. That's it, have fun poking around. ^ ^ PLEASE TAKE A LOOK AT THE MANUAL!
REMARK: It's possible to do some simple puzzle-solving in the next 3D-scenario. Your goal is simply to reach the exit of this level, a ladder similar to the one where you've been entering the map. If you find a keyboard on the wall, the correct code is 1042.
REMARK: The next 2D-scenario allows you to do some puzzles based on the functions of the program that are already included. There are a lot of hints by one of the members of your party since this is still a beginners scenario, but alas, they're in German, too.
REMARK: This is one of the game's areas which we have started to fill with life. The persons who don't answer if you try to speak to them, will come up with a special dialogue screen shortly.
REMARK: To leave the next room, step on the green plate on the floor, and watch the greenish transparent walls!
An Isle of Peace: The Dji Cantos place.
Rainer
Drirr
Sira
Mellthas
Harriet
Joe
Khunag
Siobhan
{BIG }{CNTR} "Release possible" bit toggled!
